Feature: CVODE Resize History (#678)
LLNL/sundials: doc/cvodes/guide/source/Usage/SIM.rst

                    :math:`\min\{q+1,q_{\textrm{max}}\}` and for BDF methods it
                    should be 2.

   :retval CV_SUCCESS: The call was successful.
   :retval CV_MEM_NULL: The CVODES memory block was ``NULL``.
   :retval CV_ILL_INPUT: An input argument was an illegal value, see the output
                         error message for additional details.

   .. versionadded:: x.y.z

   .. note::

      At this time resizing is supported when using CVODES for the solution of
      initial value problems (IVPs) and is not currently compatible with forward
      or adjoint sensitivity analysis.

   .. note::

      Any nonlinear or linear solvers attached to CVODE will also need to be
      resized. At present, for SUNDIALS-provided algebraic solvers, this
      requires be destroying, re-creating, and re-attaching the solvers
      following each call to :c:func:`CVodeResizeHistory`. Similarly, any matrix
      objects provided when attaching the linear solver will also need to be
      resized.

      If using a vector of absolute tolerances, the absolute tolerance vector
      will be invalid after the call to :c:func:`CVodeResizeHistory`, so a new

>       absolute tolerance vector should be create and set following each call to

Author: ```suggestion
      absolute tolerance vector should be created and set following each call to
```

For simulations involving changes to the number of equations and unknowns in the

> ODE system, CVODES maybe "resized" between steps by calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ODE system, CVODES may be "resized" between steps by calling
```
